# Tell Stories with Slides

Have you ever used Powerpoint or Keynote to make a presentation? If you
haven't yet, you probably will someday soon. 

A presentation is simple, words on a blank page, pictures, and
transitions. Like a deck of cards you show to your audience to help you
tell a story. The best presentations are fun and easy to understand.
They combine words and pictures that go with the story you are telling.

## Today's Lesson

HTML is the language of code that lies behind nearly everything you see
on the Web today. From Facebook to Minecraft to the White House
homepage, HTML makes the words, pictures, and videos and CSS makes the shape, color, and
style of the Web. We'll be learning the basics of HTML and CSS, and
using those tools to write our own stories using a free and open source
framework called Slides. Brian Cavalier put it 

## Get Started

1. Clone this repository using Github for Windows or Mac, or Download
   the Zip.
2. Unzip the file that is downloaded in a folder you use for working on
   projects.
3. Double-click the index.html file or open it in a web browser. You'll
   see the first page of the story
4. Go back to the folder. There is another folder inside called
   'slides.' Open that and then open the slides.html file in a text
editor like Notepad++.
5. Fill in the blanks, copy slides to make new ones, and experiment!

## Challenges

* Copy some of the slides and make the deck longer.
* Change the background and text colors by editing the CSS
* Change a picture
* Add more pictures to expand the story
* Did you see that there are two endings? Add another ending by making a
  new link!
